# PROJECT 1 - HTML & CSS - EARS: ENHANCED AUDIO RESEARCH SOLUTIONS 
 
EARS (ENHANCED AUDIO RESEARCH SOLUTIONS) is the World's leading manufacturer of headphones and wanted to attract new customers with a new, less formal design than their old website
They wanted a site that focused on showing off their previous work with strong photography as well as providing lots of information for prospective clients in a less formal, stuffy way than their previous website did. The site aims to show off their work through both photography, technical case studies as well as personal studies from their past customers. The site will also have some pricing information and a contact form to serve as a lead generator / brochure site for the sales team.


Image


##  FEATURES

### - Navigation:

- The site features a full responsive naviagation on all pages.
- Font Awesome Icons were used to drawn the users attention to the navigation.
- The navigation collapses down to a compact, "hamburger" style menu that was achevied with no Javascript.

### - VIDEO

- The Home page showcases some of the companies manufacturing work in a video that users can play / pause
- The site uses native HTML5 video as iframes can be costly for performance on mobile devices

### - Summary of features

- Brief, easy to read cards with some the companies main selling points, clearly visible on th homepage

### - Gallery

- Interactive gallery with past projects
- Desktop users can hover over to red more about each one and get an idea of the work the company has done. On Moble this text is always displayed.

### - Case Studies / About page

- Features a description of the comanies founding and marketing copy
- The About page features some of the past clients the company worked with, providing potential customers with information they might find useful or entive them into making an enquiry

### Process / About Page

- The page also features a simple indicator of the process clients will go through, using Font Awesome Icons to illustrate each one, with a small descrition of each step

### Features Page

- Made up of a seies of easy to read cards, each with an image to reinforce each marketing message
- Call To Action to wither go to the 'Pricing' page or 'Contact page to encourage users to interact.


### Pricing Page

- Pricing Table with estimates for the different types of project that clients typically want.
- USers can read moe infirmation in the cards below by clicking on the drop-down arrows 
- Prices are also shown on the cards , with links to contact the company where appropriate
- This is to help customers decise if the company is right for them as well as make them think what they might want the compnay to do for them should they make an enquiry.


### Contact page

- Simple contact page with just the contact form so potential customers can go directly here and send an enquiry easily, without having to read more text.
- The purpose is to generate leads for the sales team so basic information only is required so the company can follow up.


## TESTING

The site has been run through Lighthouse, W3 Validator and Jigsaw and no major errors were found


-----------------------

Overall design style inspired by monogramcc.com from https://www.frontendpractice.com/projects/monogram

Logo Generated by: https://looka.com
Some copy generated with: https://app.copy.ai
All Images from Unsplash:

- Add Credits Here
-
-

Card Overlay Idea inspired by: https://stevenstromick.com/css/css-card-overlay/

Responsive iframe tip for YT Video from: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_responsive_iframes.asp

24/09/2022 - Bug after adding FontAwesome where changes to CSS didn't register, only HTML changes were being picked up.
Removed Font Awesome but no change. Tried Re-order stylesheet links order in header but again no change..
Had to Rename CSS file and re-link. Confirmed there were no typos/missing characters in the css link. (Resolved)

- Issue with case studies grid with text overflow because of the width of the grid items.(Resolved)



- Gallery Hover Overlay on mobile was a challenge. Tried tip from:
https://time2hack.com/can-i-use-hover-on-touch-devices/ but not widely support so instead set a fixed opacity on the overlay for mobile.


***************************************
**************STILL TO DO**************
***************************************

- Contact Page Footer Subscribe Form is trying to validate the main conact form. names/ids are different...Is it just because those fields are required? (Fixed)

- Tablet Footer Form Wraps

- Lazy Load gallery images at bottom of homepage (done)

- YT Iframe is harming Lighthouse Score on Mobile, tested GIF instead.

- Home Gallery Tablet sized... CAn you tap to hover? Might need to incerase where these cards become opaque?
- Contact Page needs aria IDs to seaprate the forms for screen readers

- Contact Page either needs a new section or just work on styling more? Text is still black